Add brief intro to anonymous and arrow functions (#1059)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/js1/arrow-functions/index.md

+++
title = '➡️ Arrow functions'

time = 5
facilitation = false
emoji= '➡️'
[objectives]
    1='Write an arrow function'
[build]
  render = 'never'
  list = 'local'
  publishResources = false

+++

> As we write more code, we are going to write lots and lots of anonymous functions.

Author: Added in aac5e1a1718f371bfb159c41526841eb77f8037f - it's a little technical, but given we literally just covered it in the previous block, I think that's actually an ok reinforcement.

> JavaScript added even shorter ways of writing an anonymous function. These four functions all do the same thing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript has even shorter ways of writing an anonymous function. These four functions all do the same thing:
```

Reviewer: I think you might be inadvertently telling them that arrow functions are anonymous functions here. Can you think of how to mitigate this risk?

Author: Technically they are, aren't they? An arrow function _is_ anonymous until it's bound to an identifier?

```js
// This function is anonymous, it just happens to be defined as an arrow function.
test("foo" () => {});

// This only stops being anonymous because it happens to be bound to an identifier.
// The fact that it's an arrow function is incidental.
const testFunction = () => {};
test("bar", testFunction);
```

Reviewer: It is, but what I think could happen is that trainees who don't see a few examples of  `const namedFunction = () => ` could model this as arrow functions _are_ anonymous, as in this is a feature of arrow functions not of all functions.

Author: Added a clarifying blurb in aac5e1a1718f371bfb159c41526841eb77f8037f

```js
function convertToPercentage(decimalNumber) {
  return `${decimalNumber * 100}%`;
}
```

```js
// We can skip the name of the function if we don't need it to have a name.
function (decimalNumber) {
  return `${decimalNumber * 100}%`;
}
```

```js

> // We can also skip the keyword function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// We can also skip the keyword 'function'.
```

// If we do this, we need an arrow between our parameters and the function body.
(decimalNumber) => {
  return `${decimalNumber * 100}%`;
}
```

```js
// If our function just returns a single value,
// without needing any other statements in our function,
// we can even skip the return keyword.

> (decimalNumber) => `${decimalNumber * 100}%`;

Author: If you find it, come add it later! :)

```

> This can be useful to make is quicker and easier to write functions. It also reduces the number of things we need to skip past when reading a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can make it easier and quicker to write functions. It reduces the number of things we need to read in a function. 
```

Author: I'm keeping the also unless you're going to fight me over it - reading and writing are different concerns, and making clear the second sentence is adding to, not clarifying, the first feels useful.
